tmc shinyvalidate (#699)
insightsengineering/teal.modules.clinical: NEWS.md

* Replaced `synthetic_cdisc_data` with refactored `synthetic_cdisc_dataset` function to speed up dataset loading in tests/examples.
* Added new GEE module `tm_a_gee`.
* Added interface for selecting an interaction term to `tm_t_ancova`.

> * Updated `shiny::validate` calls to `shinyvalidate` for better UI experience.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated encodings input checks to use `shinyvalidate::InputValidator` instead of `shiny::validate` for better UI experience.   
```
